heads right down following the swirls of
the catfish as they moved up and down
[Music]
so curious and so focused on them
I had no idea what they were going to do
it's the daughter normal is so cautious
who tries first
[Music]
[Applause]
a second strike is more daring
but her claws just aren't long enough to
get a grip she needs to pluck up her
courage and quite literally sink her
teeth into the problem
[Music]
[Applause]
take three and she's got it
[Music]
having watched her the rest of the
family are soon following suit and
getting in on the act
[Music]
while leopards are known to collect fish
from drying rivers to actually hunt them
when the waters high is something rarely
witnessed
certainly after a lifetime in the
African bush its behavior that Brad has
never seen before
you see these individuals the two cubs
and mom actually run and dive into the
river
[Music]
to see that that really is a remarkable
piece of behavior all three of these
leopards are using the same technique to
catch these catfish
[Music]
they dive in pin the thing down and use
them miles - you bite it that's hunting
active predation on fish out of the
river
[Music]
they caught a fish that necks of the
catfish were bigger than their own
their newfound knowledge of catfish and
how to catch them won't just help them
fill their bellies tonight
it will stick for these leopards for the
rest of their lives